Copies Atlas CLI commands for release tag: atlascli/v1.40.0 (#947)
mongodb/docs-atlas-cli: source/command/atlas-api-serverlessInstances-updateServerlessInstance.txt

`experimental <https://www.mongodb.com/docs/atlas/cli/current/command/atlas-api/>`_: Updates one serverless instance in the specified project.

> To use this resource, the requesting API Key must have the Project Owner role. This API can also be used on Flex clusters that were created with the createServerlessInstance endpoint or Flex clusters that were migrated from Serverless instances. This endpoint will be sunset in January 2026. Continuous backups are not supported and serverlessContinuousBackupEnabled will not take effect on these clusters. Please use the updateFlexCluster endpoint instead. This command is invoking the endpoint with OperationID: 'updateServerlessInstance'. For more information about flags, format of --file and examples, see: https://www.mongodb.com/docs/atlas/reference/api-resources-spec/v2/#tag/Serverless-Instances/operation/updateServerlessInstance

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To use this resource, the requesting API Key must have the Project Owner role. This API can also be used on Flex clusters that were created with the createServerlessInstance endpoint or Flex clusters that were migrated from Serverless instances. This endpoint will sunset in January 2026. Continuous backups are not supported and serverlessContinuousBackupEnabled will not take effect on these clusters. Use the updateFlexCluster endpoint instead. This command invokes the endpoint with OperationID: 'updateServerlessInstance'. For more information about flags, format of --file and examples, see: https://www.mongodb.com/docs/atlas/reference/api-resources-spec/v2/#tag/Serverless-Instances/operation/updateServerlessInstance
```
